look at your hem closely it was a gap
right here in the letter M it's never
connected so you go in to keep the
letter v is also the number six short
top long tail short top long tail you
could have here in Hebrew 666 on the can
but my interest is the word monster what
do you see in the old there's a cross
okay what has Christ got to do with an
energy drink let alone the name monster
so I thought maybe this is a Christian
company then BFC at the bottom of the
can do you know what that stands for
that's the F word it can in fact they
write it on the side of the can so I
know that's the F for Parker no do you
know what a MILF is yes that's from the
box milfs dig it and you will too this
is not a Christian company at all so why
would they have the cross and again here
is the message Antichrist
six-six-six and neighbor and then the
Bible talks about the beast in
Revelation and look at monsters and this
is the stone you see these zones
everywhere hats t-shirts bumper stickers
is there another agenda here if God can
use people and product so can see and
look at it this way even if the M was
not the issue you cannot deny that that
is a cross and what is witchcraft when
the cross goes upside down bottoms up
and the devil laughs something this is
how clever Satan is and how we consider
the Christian home and a Christians life
and it breaks God's heart
jesus said my people perish for lack of
knowledge that's awesome they're never
even seen